Just calm down.
The word rebellion is too serious.
Everyone out there is just a thug.
Is it making money?
It doesn't contain dust, is that right?
That's right.
Even if you're a director.
So we can't just work in vain as international directors.
It turns out that even wages can't send poverty.
If it wasn't for the family's forced marriage that froze my card.
I just can't get this money out.
Don't tell me I won't give you a face.
Promise the Buddha that if you are okay, be generous.
Skip it
Moreover, the 200 million money that Luong family promised you will be paid immediately.
Director Chen, what are your doubts?
There is no store in this village anymore.
Ngoc, listen to them.
At the moment, only real animals can be saved.
Who says that only Salvation can save
Perhaps the entire East Sea of Noda could not find a second investor.
What a fool does spring autumn dream
My family was the first East Sea family.
No, I nodded, who dares to invest in the crew, and me.